Downloaded From Vegamovies.To
Father Toureaux,
I'm Professor Santana
from the Polytechnic University
of Salamanca.
And this is Professor Vázquez,
Religious Art expert.
And they are the georadar and
excavation technicians.
Good morning, guys.
You're doing a fantastic job.
CATACOMBS
Give her the guitar.
That's my dog.
Thank you Bastian.
You want an orange juice
and a croissant, right?
Yes, please.
Okay.
Thanks.
Hello, sir.
Hello.
What would you like?
-A café latte, please.
-Okay.
Thanks.
Excuse me?
Are you Camille?
Yes.
Do we know each other?
No, no, no.
Uh. No.
Thank you.
I am on vacation in Paris.
My name is Simón.
And I had the pleasure of watching you
sing here last night.
I was very impressed.
Sir, you forgot your book on the counter.